License Agreement/Disclaimer
 
LTspice -- License Agreement/Disclaimer
Copyright © 2001-2009, Linear Technology Corporation. All rights reserved.
LTspice is Linear Technology Corporation's switch mode power supply synthesis and analog circuit simulation software.
This software is copyrighted. You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable, royalty-free right solely to evaluate LTC products and also to perform general circuit simulation. Linear Technology Corporation owns the software. You may not modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the software executable(s) or models of LTC products provided. We take no responsibility for the accuracy of third party models used in the simulator whether provided by LTC or the user.
While we have made every effort to ensure that LTspice operates in the manner described, we do not guarantee operation to be error free. Upgrades, modifications, or repairs to this program will be strictly at the discretion of LTC. If you encounter problems installing or operating LTspice for the purpose of selecting and evaluating LTC products, you may obtain technical assistance by calling our Applications Department at (408) 432-1900, between 8:00 am and 5:00 pm Pacific time, Monday through Friday. We do not provide such technical support for general circuit simulations that are not for the evaluation of LTC products. Because of the great variety of PC-compatible computer systems, operating system versions, and peripherals currently in use, we do not guarantee that you will be able to use LTspice successfully on all such systems. If you are unable to use LTspice, LTC does provide design support for LTC switching regulator ICs by whatever means necessary.
The software and related documentation are provided "AS IS" and without warranty of any kind and Linear Technology Corporation expressly disclaims all other warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Under no circumstances will LTC be liable for damages, either direct or consequential, arising from the use of this product or from the inability to use this product, even if we have been informed in advance of the possibility of such damages.
Redistribution of this software is permitted as long as it is distributed in its entirety, with all documentation, example files, symbols, and models without modification or additions.
This program is specifically not licensed for use by semiconductor manufacturers in the promotion, demonstration or sale of their products. Specific permission must be obtained from Linear Technology for the use of LTspice for these applications.